docs/src/dipoles.md, before:


# Dipoles

```@raw html
<figure>
  <img
    src="../assets/Fig_SphereDP.svg"
    alt="Setup"
    width="300" />

  <figcaption>
    Setup for the excitation with a Hertzian or a Fitzgerald dipole.
  </figcaption>
</figure>
<br/>
```

---
## Definition

The dipoles are defined as infinitesimal time harmonic current elements. Note that the definitions differ from the ones employed in [[4, pp. 411ff]](@ref refs) basically by a factor of ``k``. Hence, they lead to different static fields, i.e., for ``k\rightarrow 0``.

#### Hertzian Dipole

The Hertzian dipole with dipole length ``l``, electric current ``I``, and orientation ``\hat{\bm p}`` at position ``\bm r_0`` is assumed to have the current density
```math
\bm{j}_\mathrm{HD} = Il \hat{\bm p} \delta (\bm r - \bm r_0) \,,
```
where ``\delta`` denotes the Dirac delta distribution.

#### Fitzgeral Dipole

The Fitzgerald (magnetic) dipole with dipole length ``l``, magnetic current ``M``, and orientation ``\hat{\bm p}`` at position ``\bm r_0`` is assumed to have the current density
```math
\bm{m}_\mathrm{FD} = Ml \hat{\bm p} \delta (\bm r - \bm r_0) \,.
```

---
## [API](@id dipolesAPI)

The API provides the following constructors with default values:
```@docs
HertzianDipole
FitzgeraldDipole
```

!!! note
    The `orientation` is automatically normalized.


---
## Radiated Field

The electric field of the Hertzian dipole itself (without scatterer) is [[4, pp. 411ff]](@ref refs)
```math
\bm e(\bm r) = Z_\mathrm{F} \cfrac{Il}{4 \pi} \mathrm{e}^{-\mathrm{j} k r}  \left( \cfrac{k}{r}  ((\hat{\bm n} \times \hat{\bm p}) \times \hat{\bm n}) + \left(\cfrac{1}{k r^3} + \cfrac{\mathrm{j}}{r^2} \right)  (3 \hat{\bm n} (\hat{\bm n} \cdot \hat{\bm p}) - \hat{\bm p}) \right)
```
with ``Z_\mathrm{F} = \sqrt{\mu / \varepsilon}`` and the magnetic field
```math
\bm h(\bm r) = \cfrac{Il}{4 \pi} \cfrac{\mathrm{e}^{-\mathrm{j} k r} }{r}  \left(k + \cfrac{1}{\mathrm{j} r} \right) (\hat{\bm n} \times \hat{\bm p})
```
where
```math
\hat{\bm n} = \cfrac{\bm r - \bm r_0}{|\bm r - \bm r_0|}\,.
```
!!! note
    The fields of the Fitzgerald dipole are computed via [duality relations](@ref dualityRelations).


#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = field(ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = field(ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = field(ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

---
## Scattered Field

The scattered field computation is a generalization of the analysis in [[1, pp. 374ff]](@ref refs). For the magnetic ring current [duality relations](@ref dualityRelations) are employed.

!!! note
    Orientation and location of the dipole are restricted for the scattered field computation!

The dipole has to be oriented such that it is normal to the sphere surface and located outside of the sphere.

!!! warning
    So far the dipole is assumed to be along the ``z``-axis! This is planned to be generalized.

#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = scatteredfield(sp, ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = scatteredfield(sp, ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = scatteredfield(sp, ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

---
## Total Field

#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = field(sp, ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = field(sp, ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = field(sp, ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

Commit message:

implement general orientations of excitations

docs/src/dipoles.md, after:


# Dipoles

```@raw html
<figure>
  <img
    src="../assets/Fig_SphereDP.svg"
    alt="Setup"
    width="300" />

  <figcaption>
    Setup for the excitation with a Hertzian or a Fitzgerald dipole.
  </figcaption>
</figure>
<br/>
```

---
## Definition

The dipoles are defined as infinitesimal time harmonic current elements. Note that the definitions differ from the ones employed in [[4, pp. 411ff]](@ref refs) basically by a factor of ``k``. Hence, they lead to different static fields, i.e., for ``k\rightarrow 0``.

#### Hertzian Dipole

The Hertzian dipole with dipole length ``l``, electric current ``I``, and orientation ``\hat{\bm p}`` at position ``\bm r_0`` is assumed to have the current density
```math
\bm{j}_\mathrm{HD} = Il \hat{\bm p} \delta (\bm r - \bm r_0) \,,
```
where ``\delta`` denotes the Dirac delta distribution.

#### Fitzgeral Dipole

The Fitzgerald (magnetic) dipole with dipole length ``l``, magnetic current ``M``, and orientation ``\hat{\bm p}`` at position ``\bm r_0`` is assumed to have the current density
```math
\bm{m}_\mathrm{FD} = Ml \hat{\bm p} \delta (\bm r - \bm r_0) \,.
```

---
## [API](@id dipolesAPI)

The API provides the following constructors with default values:
```@docs
HertzianDipole
FitzgeraldDipole
```

!!! tip
    The `orientation` vector is automatically normalized to a unit vector during the initialization.


---
## Radiated Field

The electric field of the Hertzian dipole itself (without scatterer) is [[4, pp. 411ff]](@ref refs)
```math
\bm e(\bm r) = Z_\mathrm{F} \cfrac{Il}{4 \pi} \mathrm{e}^{-\mathrm{j} k r}  \left( \cfrac{k}{r}  ((\hat{\bm n} \times \hat{\bm p}) \times \hat{\bm n}) + \left(\cfrac{1}{k r^3} + \cfrac{\mathrm{j}}{r^2} \right)  (3 \hat{\bm n} (\hat{\bm n} \cdot \hat{\bm p}) - \hat{\bm p}) \right)
```
with ``Z_\mathrm{F} = \sqrt{\mu / \varepsilon}`` and the magnetic field
```math
\bm h(\bm r) = \cfrac{Il}{4 \pi} \cfrac{\mathrm{e}^{-\mathrm{j} k r} }{r}  \left(k + \cfrac{1}{\mathrm{j} r} \right) (\hat{\bm n} \times \hat{\bm p})
```
where
```math
\hat{\bm n} = \cfrac{\bm r - \bm r_0}{|\bm r - \bm r_0|}\,.
```
!!! note
    The fields of the Fitzgerald dipole follow from the [duality relations](@ref dualityRelations).


#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = field(ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = field(ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = field(ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

---
## Scattered Field

The scattered field computation is a generalization of the analysis in [[1, pp. 374ff]](@ref refs). For the magnetic dipole [duality relations](@ref dualityRelations) are employed.

!!! tip
    For the scattered field computation the orientation of the dipole is restricted: the dipole has to be perpendicular to the surface of the sphere. 

    This can be achieved, e.g., by defining the orientation first
    ```julia
    orientation = normalize(SVector(0.0,1.0,1.0))
    ```
    and then setting the position as a multiple of the orientaion:
    ```julia
    position = 2.0 * orientation
    ```

!!! note
    Internal details of the computations: Following [[1, pp. 347ff]](@ref refs) the dipoles are initially assumed to be aligned with the ``z``-axis. Arbitrary positions and orientations (forming a valid pair) are obtained via [rotations](@ref rotationDetails).

#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = scatteredfield(sp, ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = scatteredfield(sp, ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = scatteredfield(sp, ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

---
## Total Field

#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = field(sp, ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = field(sp, ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = field(sp, ex, FarField(point_cart))
```
