docs/src/ringCurrents.md, before:


# Ring Currents

```@raw html
<figure>
  <img
    src="../assets/Fig_SphereRC.svg"
    alt="Setup"
    width="300" />

  <figcaption>
    Setup for the excitation with an electric or a magnetic ring current.
  </figcaption>
</figure>
<br/>
```

---
## Definition

The ring currents are defined by a circular loop of radius ``a`` carrying a uniform time-harmonic current.


#### Electric Ring Current

The electric ring current with amplitude ``I``, and orientation ``\hat{\bm e}_z`` at position ``\bm r_0`` is assumed to have the current density
```math
\bm{j}_\mathrm{rc} = I \hat{\bm e}_{\varphi'} \delta (r - R_0) \delta (\vartheta - \vartheta_0)\,,
```
where ``\delta`` denotes the Dirac delta distribution and ``R_0 = \sqrt{z_0^2 + a^2}``.

#### Magnetic Ring Current

The magnetic ring current with amplitude ``M``, and orientation ``\hat{\bm e}_z`` at position ``\bm r_0`` is assumed to have the current density
```math
\bm{m}_\mathrm{rc} = M \hat{\bm e}_{\varphi'} \delta (r - R_0) \delta (\vartheta - \vartheta_0)\,.
```

---
## [API](@id rcAPI)

The API provides the following constructors with default values:
```@docs
electricRingCurrent
magneticRingCurrent
```

---
## Radiated Field

The electric field of the electric ring current itself (without scatterer) is computed as a series expansion as defined in [[1, pp. 362ff]](@ref refs).

!!! note
    The fields of the magnetic ring currents are computed via [duality relations](@ref dualityRelations).

!!! note
    It seems there exist other ways of computing the radiated fields. The different formulations should be compared someday.


#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = field(ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = field(ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = field(ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

---
## Scattered Field

The scattered field computation follows [[1, pp. 368ff]](@ref refs). For the magnetic ring current [duality relations](@ref dualityRelations) are employed. 

!!! note
    Orientation and location of the ring currents are restricted for the scattered field computation!

The ring current has to be oriented such that it is normal to the sphere surface and located outside of the sphere.

!!! warning
    So far the ring current is assumed to be along the ``z``-axis! This is planned to be generalized.

#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = scatteredfield(sp, ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = scatteredfield(sp, ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = scatteredfield(sp, ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

---
## Total Field

#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = field(sp, ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = field(sp, ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = field(sp, ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

Commit message:

implement general orientations of excitations

docs/src/ringCurrents.md, after:


# Ring Currents

```@raw html
<figure>
  <img
    src="../assets/Fig_SphereRC.svg"
    alt="Setup"
    width="300" />

  <figcaption>
    Setup for the excitation with an electric or a magnetic ring current.
  </figcaption>
</figure>
<br/>
```

---
## Definition

The ring currents are defined by a circular loop of radius ``a`` carrying a uniform time-harmonic current.


#### Electric Ring Current

The electric ring current with amplitude ``I``, and orientation ``\hat{\bm p} = \hat{\bm e}_z`` with its center at position ``\bm r_0 = (0,0,z_0)`` is assumed to have the current density
```math
\bm{j}_\mathrm{rc} = I \hat{\bm e}_{\varphi'} \delta (r - R_0) \delta (\vartheta - \vartheta_0)\,,
```
where ``\delta`` denotes the Dirac delta distribution and ``R_0 = \sqrt{z_0^2 + a^2}``.

#### Magnetic Ring Current

The magnetic ring current with amplitude ``M``, and orientation ``\hat{\bm p} = \hat{\bm e}_z`` at position ``\bm r_0 = (0,0,z_0)`` is assumed to have the current density
```math
\bm{m}_\mathrm{rc} = M \hat{\bm e}_{\varphi'} \delta (r - R_0) \delta (\vartheta - \vartheta_0)\,.
```

!!! note
    Arbitrary center positions ``\bm r_0`` and orientations ``\hat{\bm p}`` are computed by [rotations](@ref rotationDetails) and translations of the corresponding fields.



---
## [API](@id rcAPI)

The API provides the following constructors with default values:
```@docs
electricRingCurrent
magneticRingCurrent
```

---
## Radiated Field

The electric field of the electric ring current itself (without scatterer) is computed as a series expansion as defined in [[1, pp. 362ff]](@ref refs).

!!! note
    The fields of the magnetic ring currents are computed via [duality relations](@ref dualityRelations).

!!! note
    It seems there exist other ways of computing the radiated fields. The different formulations should be compared someday.


#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = field(ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = field(ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = field(ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

---
## Scattered Field

The scattered field computation follows [[1, pp. 368ff]](@ref refs). For the magnetic ring current [duality relations](@ref dualityRelations) are employed. 

!!! tip
    For the scattered field computation the orientation of the ring current is restricted: the orientation vector has to be perpendicular to the surface of the sphere. 

    This can be achieved, e.g., by defining the orientation first
    ```julia
    orientation = normalize(SVector(0.0,1.0,1.0))
    ```
    and then setting the center position as a multiple of the orientaion:
    ```julia
    center = 2.0 * orientation
    ```

!!! note
    Internal details of the computations: Following [[1, pp. 368ff]](@ref refs) the orientation vectors of the ring currents are initially assumed to be aligned with the ``z``-axis. Arbitrary centers and orientations (forming a valid pair) are obtained via [rotations](@ref rotationDetails).

#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = scatteredfield(sp, ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = scatteredfield(sp, ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = scatteredfield(sp, ex, FarField(point_cart))
```

---
## Total Field

#### API

The general API is employed:
```julia
E  = field(sp, ex, ElectricField(point_cart))

H  = field(sp, ex, MagneticField(point_cart))

FF = field(sp, ex, FarField(point_cart))
```
