docs/src/scatterer.md, before:


# Sphere Dimensions

!!! note
    In all of the following setups the sphere is embedded in a homogeneous background medium with permeability $\mu$ and permittivity $\varepsilon$ defined by [`Medium(ε, μ)`](@ref). The values [`μ0`](@ref) and [`ε0`](@ref)  are provided containing the free space values.


---
## PEC/PMC Sphere

The perfectly electrically conducting (PEC) or perfectly magnetically conducting (PMC) sphere has radius $r$ and is assumed to be located in the origin. It is defined by [`PECSphere`](@ref).
```@raw html
<div align="center">
<img src="../assets/PECsphere.svg" width="300"/>
</div>
<br/>
```

#### [API](@id pecAPI)

```@docs
PECSphere
```


---
## Dielectric Sphere

The dielectric sphere has radius $r$ and is assumed to be located in the origin. It is defined by [`DielectricSphere`](@ref). In addition to the embedding [`Medium(ε, μ)`](@ref) a filling [`Medium(εᵢ, μᵢ)`](@ref) with permeability $\mu_\mathrm{i}$ and permittivity $\varepsilon_\mathrm{i}$ has to be defined. 
```@raw html
<div align="center">
<img src="../assets/DielectricSphere.svg" width="300"/>
</div>
<br/>
```

#### [API](@id dielecAPI)

```@docs
DielectricSphere
```
Here `radius` is a Float and `filling` of type [`Medium(εᵢ, μᵢ)`](@ref).


---
## Layered Dielectric Sphere

The layered dielectric sphere has radii $[r_1, r_2, \dots, r_N]$ and is assumed to be located in the origin. It is defined by [`LayeredSphere`](@ref). In addition to the embedding [`Medium(ε, μ)`](@ref) a vector of fillings [[`Medium(ε₁, μ₁)`](@ref), [`Medium(ε₂, μ₂)`](@ref), ..., [`Medium(εN, μN)`](@ref)] with permeability $\mu_n$ and permittivity $\varepsilon_n$ has to be defined.
```@raw html
<div align="center">
<img src="../assets/LayeredSphere.svg" width="300"/>
</div>
<br/>
```

#### [API](@id mlDielecAPI)

```@docs
LayeredSphere
```
with, e.g., `radii = SVector(1.0, 0.5, 0.25)` and `radii = SVector(Medium(ε1, μ1), Medium(ε2, μ2), Medium(ε3, μ3))`.

!!! warning
    The order of the radii does not yet match the image!


---
## Layered Dielectric Sphere with PEC Core

The layered dielectric sphere has radii $[r_1, r_2, \dots, r_{N+1}]$ and is assumed to be located in the origin. It is defined by [`LayeredSpherePEC`](@ref). In addition to the embedding [`Medium(ε, μ)`](@ref) a vector of fillings [[`Medium(ε₁, μ₁)`](@ref), [`Medium(ε₂, μ₂)`](@ref), ..., [`Medium(εN, μN)`](@ref)] with permeability $\mu_n$ and permittivity $\varepsilon_n$ has to be defined.
```@raw html
<div align="center">
<img src="../assets/LayeredSpherePEC.svg" width="300"/>
</div>
```

#### [API](@id mlDielecPecAPI)

```@docs
LayeredSpherePEC
```
with, e.g., `radii = SVector(1.0, 0.5, 0.25)` and `radii = SVector(Medium(ε1, μ1), Medium(ε2, μ2))`.

!!! warning
    The order of the radii does not yet match the image!

Commit message:

Add dielectric sphere with impedance layer
The dielectric sphere has an impedance layer. As a consequence,
the potential is discontinuous at the interface, but the radial
displacement field is still continuous.

This approximation is commonly used in BioEM to model cells with
their resistive membranes.

The approximation is useful to observe convergence of numerical
algorithms that use a similar thin layer approximation (and
which would not converge to the full three layer problem)

docs/src/scatterer.md, after:


# Sphere Dimensions

!!! note
    In all of the following setups the sphere is embedded in a homogeneous background medium with permeability $\mu$ and permittivity $\varepsilon$ defined by [`Medium(ε, μ)`](@ref). The values [`μ0`](@ref) and [`ε0`](@ref)  are provided containing the free space values.


---
## PEC/PMC Sphere

The perfectly electrically conducting (PEC) or perfectly magnetically conducting (PMC) sphere has radius $r$ and is assumed to be located in the origin. It is defined by [`PECSphere`](@ref).
```@raw html
<div align="center">
<img src="../assets/PECsphere.svg" width="300"/>
</div>
<br/>
```

#### [API](@id pecAPI)

```@docs
PECSphere
```


---
## Dielectric Sphere

The dielectric sphere has radius $r$ and is assumed to be located in the origin. It is defined by [`DielectricSphere`](@ref). In addition to the embedding [`Medium(ε, μ)`](@ref) a filling [`Medium(εᵢ, μᵢ)`](@ref) with permeability $\mu_\mathrm{i}$ and permittivity $\varepsilon_\mathrm{i}$ has to be defined. 
```@raw html
<div align="center">
<img src="../assets/DielectricSphere.svg" width="300"/>
</div>
<br/>
```

#### [API](@id dielecAPI)

```@docs
DielectricSphere
```
Here `radius` is a Float and `filling` of type [`Medium(εᵢ, μᵢ)`](@ref).

---
## Dielectric Sphere with Thin Impedance Layer

The dielectric sphere with a thin impedance layer has radius $r$ and is assumed to be located in the origin. It is defined by [`DielectricSphereThinImpedanceLayer`](@ref). Unlike the LayeredSphere model, the solution is obtained by using an approximation: it is assumed that the impedance is so high that the displacement field is purely radial (see [[6, pp. 230ff]](@ref refs)). This leads to a potential drop across the thin layer, while the displacement field is constant in radial direction. In addition to the embedding [`Medium(ε, μ)`](@ref) and  filling [`Medium(εᵢ, μᵢ)`](@ref), the impedance layer must be specified, both the [`Medium`](@ref) and its `thickness`.  
```@raw html
<div align="center">
<img src="../assets/DielectricSphere.svg" width="300"/>
</div>
<br/>
```

#### [API](@id dielecimpedAPI)

```@docs
DielectricSphereThinImpedanceLayer
```
Here `radius` and `thickness` are a Floats, `embedding`, `filling` and `thinlayer` are of type [`Medium`](@ref).


---
## Layered Dielectric Sphere

The layered dielectric sphere has radii $[r_1, r_2, \dots, r_N]$ and is assumed to be located in the origin. It is defined by [`LayeredSphere`](@ref). In addition to the embedding [`Medium(ε, μ)`](@ref) a vector of fillings [[`Medium(ε₁, μ₁)`](@ref), [`Medium(ε₂, μ₂)`](@ref), ..., [`Medium(εN, μN)`](@ref)] with permeability $\mu_n$ and permittivity $\varepsilon_n$ has to be defined.
```@raw html
<div align="center">
<img src="../assets/LayeredSphere.svg" width="300"/>
</div>
<br/>
```

#### [API](@id mlDielecAPI)

```@docs
LayeredSphere
```
with, e.g., `radii = SVector(1.0, 0.5, 0.25)` and `radii = SVector(Medium(ε1, μ1), Medium(ε2, μ2), Medium(ε3, μ3))`.

!!! warning
    The order of the radii does not yet match the image!


---
## Layered Dielectric Sphere with PEC Core

The layered dielectric sphere has radii $[r_1, r_2, \dots, r_{N+1}]$ and is assumed to be located in the origin. It is defined by [`LayeredSpherePEC`](@ref). In addition to the embedding [`Medium(ε, μ)`](@ref) a vector of fillings [[`Medium(ε₁, μ₁)`](@ref), [`Medium(ε₂, μ₂)`](@ref), ..., [`Medium(εN, μN)`](@ref)] with permeability $\mu_n$ and permittivity $\varepsilon_n$ has to be defined.
```@raw html
<div align="center">
<img src="../assets/LayeredSpherePEC.svg" width="300"/>
</div>
```

#### [API](@id mlDielecPecAPI)

```@docs
LayeredSpherePEC
```
with, e.g., `radii = SVector(1.0, 0.5, 0.25)` and `radii = SVector(Medium(ε1, μ1), Medium(ε2, μ2))`.

!!! warning
    The order of the radii does not yet match the image!
